Replace BucketReader.ObjectSize() with .Attributes() (#2613)
thanos-io/thanos: docs/components/store.md

- `chunk_subrange_size`: size of segment of chunks object that is stored to the cache. This is the smallest unit that chunks cache is working with.
- `max_chunks_get_range_requests`: how many "get range" sub-requests may cache perform to fetch missing subranges.

> - `chunk_object_attrs_ttl`: how long to keep information about chunk file attributes (ie. size) in the cache.

Reviewer: https://ispe.org/pharmaceutical-engineering/january-february-2017/other-words-ie-eg-et-al-etc
:smile: 

```suggestion
- `chunk_object_attrs_ttl`: how long to keep information about chunk file attributes (e.g. size) in the cache.
```
